ICICI Bank has approved received
approval from his board of directors to
raise its stake in ICICI Lombard General
Assurance by an additional up to four
percent it's important to remember that
ICICI Bank already holds a stake of
48.02 in the insurance company and it
has received approval from his board of
directors to pick up an additional four
percent out of which an additional 2.5
percent is expected to be acquired by
September 9th 2024th now RBI regulations
require Banks to maintain their stakes
and insurance companies up to 30 percent
or above 50 percent and not between 30
to 50 percent and with this additional
acquisition of stakes in general in the
general insurance company uh ICICI Bank
could be taking its stake closer to 50
as well following the news that came in
on Sunday ICICI Lombard shares reacted
positively and at their Peak were up 12
for the day on Monday but close the day
up by 8.2 percent for the day
[Music]